Well, howdy, friends.
Joe Woodrider, Jelly Elliott, and the Three Knot Head.
We'd like for you to come in and set a spell.
We're gonna pick and sing a few songs here for you.
We'll be with you for the next 14 and a half minutes.
Brought to you with the best wishes and compliments from your state forest of service and Uncle Sam's forest of service.
So just pull up a chair and make yourself at home.
Hell yeah!
Friends, we're going to be with you the next 14 and a half minutes, so that's a pretty good time.
You might not like this mess to start with, but just stay with us, and you might get to like it.
So pull up a chair, take it to the back of there, and get comfortable, pull off your shoes, and make yourself at home.
I'm going to tell you who all the boys are to start things off here, so there won't be no argument about that.
I'll start off with the boy over here who plays the steel guitar.
Yes, sir.
That's the only boy Ms.
Anderson's got named Deacon.
That's Deacon Anderson.
Deacon.
That's him.
And back over here, this fine-looking young man here.
Plays the fiddle.
He had a hard time getting his fiddle friends.
That boy sold garden seeds from house to house all over the country and saved up coupons and got this fiddle.
And here he is, Robert Shivers.
Ain't that awful?
And then back over here, this fellow back here behind me, old High Pockets.
Yeah, Mr. Long Distance, that is.
That's my right-handed, left-handed man.
Yeah, we call him Slim because he's short.
I mean, he's tall.
His name is Tommy.
Tommy what, Slim?
Yeah, Slim plays the rhythm guitar, and he does all the opera singing in the band.
Here's the first tune, features Robert, and he's tried a potato fiddle, a little diddy called Violin Cabbage Down.
Well, all right, Robert, thank you there, buddy.
That was called, Buy Them Cabbage Down.
I know a lot of you old-timers out there remember that old tune.
Now, friends, we're going to be here on this same station.
We're going to be here on this same station for a period of, I guess, about 13 weeks.
You reckon you can stand it, 13 weeks?
It's bad, I know, but that's the way it is.
13 weeks.
Now, we'd like to hear from you.
A penny postcard or a letter will do it.
Just sit down, write us a penny postcard or a letter, send it to the station that you're now listening to, and we'll just be tickled to death to hear from you.
And we're going to dish out a few of these old corny hillbilly tunes.
Some of them good, some of them ain't so good, and some of them worse than that.
And we've got a few stories to tell about things in general out in the woods.
And you know the woods.
Speaking of the woods, that's a place we all love.
That's a place we all love.
Ooh, that's the place we all love.
Everybody loves the woods.
That's funny, but they do.
I guess everybody's got a certain amount of animal instinct in him or something because he loves to get out in the woods.
In fact, we live in the woods, don't we?
Yeah.
And it's mighty fine, though, I tell you.
Here's another tune.
Well, you ain't doing nothing there, if y'all don't care.
I was going to sing, wasn't I?
Yeah, that's right.
I'm going to sing, friends, so don't hold it against me, though.
We get lots of requests for this old tune.
Our good friend Cotton Thompson wrote this tune, and I believe Luke Wills published it, didn't he?
Is that right?
Yeah, Luke did, uh-huh.
And here it is, Somebody Bring Your Milk Bucket, I'm Now Going to Pale Old Pied.
It's a Jersey Blues of Milk Cavaliers.
Music
I look out door I can tell my milk eye I can tell the way she knows If you see my milk eye She's driving her own home Well I ain't had no milking but since my cow's been gone Well you've got to treat me right
Day by day, get out your little prayer book Get out on your knees and pray Cause you gon' need, you gon' need my help someday Yeah, you gon' need your daddy So when I go away Well, I've tried everything, baby
get along with you and I'm gonna tell you what I'm gonna do I'm gonna stop trying gonna leave you alone if you don't believe I'm leaving you can count the days I'm gone cause you won't see you won't see my sweet face no more yeah you gonna be wondering baby in this world
Well, my baby caught a train.
She left me a mule to ride.
That old Toby.
Well, my baby caught a choo-choo.
She left me a donkey to ride.
And when the train left the station, that old jazz zag lay down and died.
That's their mule train.
That was.
I just had one of the mules, though.
Friends, that was the Jersey blues, the milk cow blues.
If you like it, well, write to us, and we'll be glad to do it again.
Try.
There's about 101 verses of that thing, and I'll try to do more of them next time.
Now, friends, you know what the woods means to all of us.
It just means so much.
Just stop and think what all it does mean.
Jobs and homes and everything.
Pulpwood, salt timber, turpentine.
And all sorts of byproducts.
Dynamite.
You take old pine stumps.
You've got the use for pine stumps.
If they don't catch fire and burn up out there in the woods.
You can make all kinds of stuff out of them.
Watershed protection for the water for drinking and bathing and swimming and fishing and hunting.
All camping.
Wildlife.
Deer.
Quail.
Squirrels.
Turkeys.
Fish.
All that sort of stuff.
Good grazing when it's handled right, of course.
Got behind you.
Of course.
But it is, and it's just so pretty in the spring of the year you get out there when all the bushes is budding out and the buds is budding and the dogwoods is wooden and everything.
It's just as pretty as it could be.
I love to get out in the woods and get full of seed ticks and then scratch all the rest of the week.
That's the most fun.
Friends, that all sounds fine, and it is fine, if we just don't let fire mess up the whole work.
like it does so often.
You just got to watch that, that's all there is to it.
Slim's gonna sing a song for you here, friend.
Slim.
Old, long, tall, icky, bod, crane-looking character here.
He's gonna give forth with his sad little ditty.
He sings all the tear-jerkers, friend.
So get out your wheat rag, John.
Get ready to squall.
Slim's fixing to give forth here with... Yeah, poor fella.
I wish I had a nickel.
Tell me, little darling, that tomorrow you'll be wet.
You thought that you would hurt me, but you hurt yourself instead.
I'll always be the same, old pal, just as the days gone by.
Just sit back and watch you while you sit alone and cry.
Gears falling down your pretty
There are tears of sorrow and tears of delight.
Wish I had a nickel for every tear you shed last night.
I just dropped by to tell you that I wish you happiness.
I hope that you'll forgive me for intruding like this.
Hope, my dear, your happiness will follow through the years.
You sit back and watch you while you shed your bitter tears.
Tears falling down your pretty cheek.
Tears you cannot hide and tears you cannot keep.
There are tears of sorrow and tears of your life.
Wish I had a nickel, baby, tears you shed last night.
Thank you, Slim.
Thank you.
There it is.
I wish I had the nickel.
I wish I had one too, Slim, and then we'd have a dime, wouldn't we, buddy?
Yeah, boy, we'd have a dime.
You know, that's a funny thing.
I just love to stand up here and...
Show meggers and pick and sing these old corny songs if you like them.
And the only way we're going to know whether you like them or not, friends, is for you to write to us.
Write us a penny postcard or letter in care of the station that you're now listening to.
I'll tell you who you address it to.
Address it to Jelly Elliott and the three knotheads.
Ain't that something, knotheads?
Well, that's us.
That's us, all right.
Every one of our heads look like a sack of hickernuts right now.
You know, boys, it'll soon be hickernut time, too, won't it?
I sure will be glad, too, Costa.
Maybe my wife will get some new ones to put in that pillar I've been sleeping on.
All the hoes is off of them I'm sleeping on now.
And I'll like that.
You know I'm from out of the wind?
No, the wind's out of me.
Yeah.
I think I'm ballast.
Or something.
Yeah, friends, we're going to do another tune here.
Robert.
Robert, he's a Romeo Robert.
That's a coconut boy.
Yeah, he's got to swallow that gum.
Boy, you chewing bubble gum again?
You cut that out.
You know you ain't gonna be chewing bubble gum up here like that.
Swallow that gum.
Come on up here and sing.
Hey, you made it?
Yeah.
He's gonna sing one of them sticky tunes, friends.
Here it is.
Robert messed around and got stuck, so he's gonna sing, Thorns in My Heart.
thorn was left in my heart bow rose of fragrance and beauty divine a thorn was left in my heart
Oh man, someone else got the rose.
I got the thorn, now its fragrance is just a memory.
A thorn was left in my heart by rose, whose love was never made.
A thorn was left in my heart by a rose Causing tears to fall like the rain A thorn was left in my heart by a rose Who's leaving left sorrow and pain?
Someone else got the rose I got the thorn, now its fragrance is just a memory
love was never meant for me.
Well, thank you, Robert.
Thank you.
There it is, friends.
The thorn was left in my heart by a rose.
You know, friends, as I told you a while ago, I insist on you writing to us because, like I told you, we're just starting and we'll be here for about 13 weeks.
Now, you can listen to your announcer when we go off of the wind here and he'll let you know just what day we'll be back, what time and all that sort of stuff and things and all and
We'd like to have you listen.
If you're busy down there in the new ground or something, well, you can come to the house and get a fresh drink of water and a cool drink and maybe have coffee and sit there and listen to us blow our top here for about 14 and a half minutes and go back.
You can do a lot better job and everything.
And we might say something up here that you'd like to hear.
Can't tell.
We got a lot of interesting things to talk to you about here a little later on.
future programs and everything, but we just want to get acquainted with all you friends out there right now.
So tune us in there every day.
We'll try not to blow no fuses or bust no cogs or nothing like that in your radio.
Of course, it's a lot to happen.
This is an unrehearsed, unpredictable program, I'll tell you before we start.
Anything can happen.
We've messed around here and run out of time this time.
Just this time now, we've run out of time, and we're going to have to move along because
We've got to get on back out there in the woods.
And, you see, I'm the old wood rider.
Jelly Elliott, that's me, the wood rider, and I've got to get out there.
I tell you, I just feel plumb, plumb unnecessary unless I'm out there in the woods fooling around, peeping in old hollow logs and things.
Might find a nice fat possum.
You can't tell.
Friends, before we go, I'd just like to leave a little thought for the day with you.
Yes, sir.
When using a match, just use your head.
Break it in two.
Be sure it's dead.
dead out.
Friends, we've really enjoyed being with you for the last 14 and a half minutes, and we'll be back.
Just listen to your station announcer, and he'll let you know, and write us a penny postcard or a letter.
And remember, friends, only you can prevent wood spires.